Hello, I am Rohan Sehgal and i belong to Khachrod, a town in ujjain
district of Madhya Pradesh. I am currenty pursuing master's in
Computer Application from Acropolis institute of technology and
Research Indore and i had completed my bachelors in Business
Administration specialization in Computer Application from Sinhgad 
College of Arts and Commerce, Pune.
I got selected in a esteemd Multi National Company - Capgemini and 
currently undergoing training provided by Capgemini.
The key technologies which i have learned in  my training  till now are 
Java and MySQL.  
In my leisure time i like to cook and watch movies And Web series. 
Being Flexible and Adaptive are my key strengths. 

Talking about my Acadimic projects - i have done 2 projects.
My First project was Online examination System which i did in Final Year 
of my Graduation. Online examination System is a Web Application which is 
an Automated Examination System where students can register themselves and  
appear for various exams and get evaluated for the same.

The technologies which i used in this project are Java(Servlet/Jsp), 
MySQL, HTML and CSS. In this project There are two types of users - 
ADMIN and Studnets/Learners. 
ADMIN can  perform various operations like manage Exam where he can add
a new exam/subject or update details of any any existing exam or delete
an exam. After adding exam ADMIN will have to add Questions for the selected
exam. Admin can also manage the details of the user registered in the system
and can also view the results of the students. 
Coming to the user/Students part.
Students first need to register themselves on the website after which
they need to login using their ID and Password.

After login Students can choose an exam they wants to attempt. 
on selcting a exam the students are made familier with the environment 
and instructions after which the exam starts. One By One a question appears
on the screen with four options. The student needs to give a response from 
4 options or leave it unattepted. On Completing the exam student can submit 
the exam. On submitting the exam a result is generated and get saved in the 
database. The student can view the results of all the previously attemted 
exams. Students can also Update their profile detals and well as 
Change password and on completing the exam the studnents can logout from
the system.

The second project which i made in my 3rd Semester of my MCA is Hostel 
management System. This particular project deals with the problems on 
managing a hostel and avoids the problems which occurs when carried out 
manually. 
This project can be used for managing various activities in the hostel such 
as Student details management, Room details management, Allotment of rooms, 
Vacating rooms, Fee management etc and hence make the process fast and 
effective. Moreover this system is designed for the particular need of 
hostels to carry out operations in a smooth and effective manner. 
The technologies which i used for this project are Java Swing and MySQL. 
After login the user can Check the availability of rooms and Beds.
If Rooms and beds are available he can allot a room to a Student. On 
alloting the room the user is re directed to fee manager where he can 
recive payement and generate a recipt. The Fee can be accepted in part 
payments as well as yearly payments.
The User can vacate the room if a student wants to leave the hostel and
will autimatically calculate the outstanding dues of the student. 
The User can Add a new room/Update room details as well as delete a room
from the system. Similary students details,Fee details and User 
details can be managed. 

Thats all about me and my projects.
Thank you so much.



